hey this is scary in the last video
skyre news I said today you've got to be
the day we're going to show you how to
make an omelet are you college people
this is going to be pretty damn easy
it's not the best honest I'm not garden
Randhir ok so we're yeah this is how to
make another hit the damn music
ok so that's how to make an omelet you
can put whatever you want in the other
guys for having oh you need to put
cheese cucumbers celery whatever you
know it's time when it was in the fridge
in there and it'll be ok just don't for
something like ya know I don't know what
couldn't you put in an omelet you tell
me what couldn't you put in their
language that's gonna be a question what
couldn't you put in an album Steve come
ok so for next week's video I want to be
sure you me get my makeup done for my
Michael Jackson outfit I was out last
night it's michael jackson hey and then
and yeah this one and i know i'm showing
you how we let them and this gonna be
i'm going to show you and god I can't
say that they're okay i'm gonna be
showing ah hell does anyone else
get that but me the better than
tight um ok anyways and i'll be showing
you me get my makeup done and then after
i also need some pictures of what i look
like that live current whatever for you
want is Halloween so see y'all next week
boom